Growth Model Toolbox for reproducing figures and analyses in L. Oms et al., 2023 (in prep).

Detailed explanations of each code and directories below.

----------- CODES -----------

All codes starting with 'outputs' generate the .txt files for the analyses, while the codes starting with 'figures' create the visual figures using the .txt files from each analysis.

* growth_model.py: Function defining the full model (Explicit Euler method).
* growth_model_simplify.py: Function defining the simplified model (Explicit Euler method).

* outputs_steady_state.py: Calculates the steady-state outputs for a chosen value of Psupply.
* figures_steady_state.py: Plots the steady-state outputs over time for a chosen value of Psupply.

* outputs_dynamical_state.py: Calculates the dynamical-state outputs for a chosen value of amplitude (b).
* figures_dynamical_state.py: Plots the dynamical-state outputs over time for a chosen value of amplitude (b).

* outputs_steady_state_sensitivitytest.py: Calculates the steady-state outputs for a range of Psupply values.
* figures_steady_state_sensitivitytest.py: Plots the steady-state outputs over time for a range of Psupply values. Reproduces Fig. 6.

* outputs_dynamical_state_sensitivitytest.py: Calculates the steady-state outputs for a range of amplitude (b).
* figures_dynamical_state_sensitivitytest.py: Plots the steady-state outputs over time for a range of amplitude (b). Reproduces Fig. 8.

* outputs_deviation.py: Calculates the sensitivity of the state variable to the model parameter values.
* figures_deviation.py: Plots the sensitivity of the state variable to the model parameter values. Reproduces Fig. 7.

* outputs_biomasses.py: Calculates the in situ biomasses with the method of Menden-Deurer and Lessard (2000).
* outputs_biomasses2.py: Regroupes the 9 phytoplanktons groups into 3 size groups and calculates the f_biom.
* figures_insitu.py: Plots the in situ regrouped biomasses. Reproduces Fig. 2 and Fig. 9 (left part).

* outputs_jacobianmatrix_fullmodel.py: Calculates the Jacobian matrix of the full model from the numerical solutions.
* outputs_jacobianmatrix_simplifymodel.py: Calculates the Jacobian matrix of the simplified model from the analytical solutions.
* figures_diagrbifurc.py: Plots the bifurcation diagrams of the full and simplified models. Reproduces Fig. 4.

* outputs_tres: Calculates the resilience time.

----------- DIRECTORIES -----------

* outputs: Contains all the output files generated by the 'outputs' codes.

* figures: Contains all the figures generated by the 'figures' codes.

* utils: Contains other useful codes for running the analysis.

* BioSWOTmed_data: Contains the in situ biomasses sampled during the PROTEVSWOT-MED cruise.


@@@@@@@
For further information or questions, please contact me at: laurina.oms@mio.osupytheas.fr
